I know a great deal about death as a
young missionary I lived for many years
in a country that was torn apart by war
in that time twenty-three thousand
people died sometimes to get the mail I
would have to walk over a dead body the
beauty of man is destroyed by death the
hope of all men destroyed by death in my
family it has been tore apart my death
my brother was killed when he was six
years old my father died in my arms in
the middle of a field and a few years
ago I preached the funeral of my sister
I know much about death but death is too
strong of an enemy to overcome no matter
how much you wrestle him no matter how
much you fight against him no matter how
much you live in self-denial that he is
not going to knock on your door know
this that he is coming for you and there
is nothing you can do about it as David
said there is but a few steps between me
and death within just a few years some
of you will be dead within twenty-five
years many more of you will be dead and
with a hundred years not only all of us
will be dead but we will be forgotten
all our hopes will be crushed every
memory of whatever we have done will be
erased and of all creatures we are most
pitiful because not only is death coming
for us we know it
you know it you know you do everything
in your power to push it out of your
thoughts but he's coming for you maybe
even this evening he's coming for your
children and there's nothing you can do
but there is one who has faced death
head-on
there is one a mighty lawyer who went
into death stronghold and defeated him
in his strongest place there is one who
has overcome man's greatest him his name
is Jesus Christ and he bore the sins of
the world and he died upon a tree and he
paid for the very thing that is the
cause of our death and on the third day
the father raised him from the dead and
on the third day the Holy Spirit raised
him from the dead and on the third day
he raised himself from the dead and now
the smallest weakest believer can look
death right in the face and say Oh death
where is your victory grave where is
your sting
where is your power you who have
devoured Nations you will the power no
you see the gospel is good news did not
Paul the Apostle himself say I am
pleading with you but it is though God
is pleading with you bro great why will
you live a life that has no meaning why
will you live a life that literally is
going to fall apart
why will you allow yourself to be
swallowed up by death why don't you come
to Christ what is holding you what is
this thing that has control of your mind
in your heart come to Christ you say oh
it's too good to be true it is true you
say oh I'm too great a sinner you are
not greater than the Christ are you you
do not have more power than his grace do
you come to him